2022.8.0 (#23620)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2022-08-03-release-20228.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "2022.8: You can fix it!"

> description: "First-class support for Bluetooth, get notified about detected issues and how to repair them, find integrations by brands name, and maps with much better colors."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "First-class support for Bluetooth, get notified about detected issues and how to repair them, find integrations by brand name, and maps with much better colors."
```

<img class="no-shadow" src='/images/blog/2022-08/repairs-issue-details.png' alt='Screenshot showing details shown by a repairable issue, providing information on how to resolve it.'>

This release can detect about 25 issues now, and additionally, if a
[Home Assistant Alert] is found that matches your system, it will also show up
in the repairs dashboard.

There are many use cases for the new repairs feature, and you can expect
it to be extended a lot, with more issue detections, in the near future.

[Home Assistant Alert]: /integrations/homeassistant_alerts

## First-class Bluetooth support

Today, we proudly announce that Home Assistant now has **first-class**
Bluetooth support! 🥇 

A brand new [Bluetooth integration] has been added, which provides absolutely
amazing Bluetooth support to Home Assistant, including automatic discovery of
new devices and the ability to push device updates.

Integrations that implement device support can easily be built on top of these
features, meaning we now have a solid base in Home Assistant to unlock
support for many Bluetooth devices out there!

The screenshot below shows that the Bluetooth integration is set up, and it

> discover a new device. In this case, it discovered a Mi Flora Flower

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discovered a new device. In this case, it discovered a Mi Flora Flower
```

Supporting HomeKit Bluetooth-capable devices is fantastic! It makes a lot of
devices out there compatible with Home Assistant that have no other way of
integrating. There are lots of door locks, wall plugs, and other smart devices
that you can use now.

Thanks for the work on this [@Jc2k] and [@bdraco]!

[@bdraco]: https://github.com/bdraco
[@Jc2k]: https://github.com/Jc2k
[HomeKit Controller]: /integrations/homekit_controller

## Finding the integration supporting your device

Some integrations work with multiple different brands. This can happen because,
for example, those devices share a communication protocol, are white-labeled
and sold under numerous brand names, or may carry different brand names
depending on where in the world they are sold.

For example, if you have a Luxaflex cover, you can actually use it using the
Hunter Douglas PowerView integration. And this is not the only example;
there are many more! The problem is, how would one know that?

To make setting up things in Home Assistant easier, integrations can now
support multiple brands! So, if you now add an integration in Home Assistant
and search for Luxaflex, you will find one!

> <img class="no-shadow" src='/images/blog/2022-08/supported-brands.png' alt='Screenshot demonstrating the supported brands; it is now to search for a brand that is supported by another integration'>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="no-shadow" src='/images/blog/2022-08/supported-brands.png' alt='Screenshot demonstrating the supported brands; it is now possible to search for a brand that is supported by another integration'>
```

When you add a new integration that is supported by another integration,
Home Assistant will tell you which integration provides the support and

> guides you to set up that integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide you to set up that integration.
```

> ## Better maps colors

Reviewer: Do we normally talk about maps in plural? The integration is called `map` right? Maybe consider changing it to say "map colors" and "the map integration"?

Author: Right. It is not just the integration, but also cards (any map shown anywhere actually). I've adjusted the wording a little.

Maps have had a slight makeover and now use a new color palette. These new
colors provide much greater contrast and significantly improve their readability.

Especially if you are using the dark mode in the user interface of
Home Assistant, you will notice a big difference.

<img class="no-shadow" src='/images/blog/2022-08/maps-colors.png' alt='Screenshot demonstrating the new map colors in both light and dark mode'>

Thanks to [@KTibow] for getting the ball rolling on this one, [@matthiasdebaat]
for providing UX feedback, and [@bramkragten] for making this change.

[@bramkragten]: https://github.com/bramkragten
[@KTibow]: https://github.com/KTibow
[@matthiasdebaat]: https://github.com/matthiasdebaat

## Other noteworthy changes

There is much more juice in this release; here are some of the other
noteworthy changes this release:

- "Z-Wave JS" is now shown and known as "Z-Wave" in Home Assistant.
- The "System Health" setting menu item, has been moved to the "Repairs"
  dashboard, in the overflow menu (three dots in the top right).

> - In the background, a started project to standardize the names entities and
>   devices should have. This work in progress will take a long time to complete,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the background, a project has been started to standardize the names of entities and
  devices. This work is in progress and will take a long time to complete,
```

  as each possible entity has to be adjusted. But it will streamline experiences!
- You can now change the shown unit of measurement of number entities that
  provide a temperature. Thanks, [@emontnemery]!
- [@frenck] updated the events developer tools to use YAML instead of JSON
  and added syntax highlighting.
- The [LIFX] integration got a significant overhaul, making it much more
  reliable. Thanks for the work on this in the past releases 
  [@bdraco] and [@Djelibeybi]!
- The [UniFi Network] now has update entities, allowing you to update the
  firmware of UniFi devices directly from Home Assistant. Great addition [@J3173]!
- The Material Design Icons have been updated to v7.0.96, giving you
  [100](https://pictogrammers.github.io/@mdi/font/7.0.96/) brand new icons
  to use 🤩 Thanks, [@goyney]!
- [SwitchBot] now supports Hygrometers (thanks [@murtas]) and door/contact
  sensors (thanks [@bdraco])!
- [@Noltari] added update entities to the [QNAP QSW] integration! Nice!

> - [@frenck] added multifactor authentication support for [Verisure]. So, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@frenck] added multifactor authentication support for [Verisure]. So now you
```

[Rhasspy]: /integrations/rhasspy
[SensorPush]: /integrations/sensorpush
[Xiaomi BLE]: /integrations/xiaomi_ble

## Integrations now available to set up from the UI

The following integrations are now available via the Home Assistant UI:

- [Anthem A/V Receivers], done by [@Hyralex]
- [Bose SoundTouch], done by [@kroimon]

[@kroimon]: https://github.com/kroimon
[@Hyralex]: https://github.com/Hyralex
[Anthem A/V Receivers]: /integrations/anthemav
[Bose SoundTouch]: /integrations/soundtouch

## Need help? Join the community!

Home Assistant has a great community of users who are all more than willing
to help each other out. So, join us!

Our very active [Discord chat server](/join-chat) is an excellent place to be
at, and don't forget to join our amazing [forums](https://community.home-assistant.io/).

Found a bug or issue? Please report it in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues),
to get it fixed! Or, check [our help page](/help) for guidance for more
places you can go.

Are you more into email? [Sign-up for our Building the Open Home Newsletter](/newsletter)
to get the latest news about features, things happening in our community and

> [](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/58768)other news about building an Open Home; straight into your inbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other news about building an Open Home; straight into your inbox.
```

## Breaking Changes

Below is a listing of the breaking change for this release, per subject or
integration. Click on one of those to read more about the breaking change
for that specific item.

{% details "Advantage Air" %}

Each AC will have its own device, different from the one previously created.
Any automations or scripts that target the device will need to be corrected.

([@Bre77] - [#75395]) ([documentation](/integrations/advantage_air))

[@Bre77]: https://github.com/Bre77
[#75395]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/75395

---

> The previsouly deprecated `advantage_air.set_myzone` has been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previsouly deprecated service `advantage_air.set_myzone` has been removed.
```

([@allenporter] - [#75375]) ([documentation](/integrations/calendar))

[@allenporter]: https://github.com/allenporter
[#75375]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/75375

{% enddetails %}

{% details "HERE Travel Time" %}

The single HERE Travel Time sensor with attributes is split up into separate
sensors for Duration, Duration in Traffic, Route, Distance, Origin, Destination.

If you used the entity attributes in your automation or scripts, you will need
to adapt them to this change.

([@eifinger] - [#72405]) ([documentation](/integrations/here_travel_time))

[@eifinger]: https://github.com/eifinger
[#72405]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/72405

{% enddetails %}

{% details "HomeKit Controller" %}

The ecobee Fan mode number entity has been removed as HomeKit Controller
[now implements fan mode](/integrations/climate/#service-climateset_fan_mode)
on the climate entity which replaces this functionality.

([@bdraco] - [#74440]) ([documentation](/integrations/homekit_controller))

[@bdraco]: https://github.com/bdraco
[#74440]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/74440

{% enddetails %}

{% details "LIFX" %}

> Each LIFX device now has its integration entry. The existing entry will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each LIFX device now has its own integration entry. The existing entry will be
```

migrated to separate entries automatically as each device is discovered,
and will automatically be removed once all devices are found.

> Migrating to a integration entry per device model allows Home Assistant to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating to an integration entry per device allows Home Assistant to
```

[#75395]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/75395

---

The previsouly deprecated `advantage_air.set_myzone` has been removed.
Use the available MyZone select entity instead.

([@Bre77] - [#75160]) ([documentation](/integrations/advantage_air))

[@Bre77]: https://github.com/Bre77
[#75160]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/75160

{% enddetails %}

{% details "Calendar" %}

Calendar description attributes are no longer written into the recorder database.

([@allenporter] - [#75375]) ([documentation](/integrations/calendar))

[@allenporter]: https://github.com/allenporter
[#75375]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/75375

{% enddetails %}

{% details "HERE Travel Time" %}

The single HERE Travel Time sensor with attributes is split up into separate
sensors for Duration, Duration in Traffic, Route, Distance, Origin, Destination.

If you used the entity attributes in your automation or scripts, you will need
to adapt them to this change.

([@eifinger] - [#72405]) ([documentation](/integrations/here_travel_time))

[@eifinger]: https://github.com/eifinger
[#72405]: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/72405

{% enddetails %}

> {% details "HomeKit Controler" %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% details "HomeKit Controller" %}
```

Author: Fixed! Thanks!
